EU Access documentation updated with whitelisting details (#2436)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/eu_access.md

`cf-ch20` Kyma runtimes in a separate Azure hyperscaler account pool.

When the PlatformRegion is an EU access BTP subaccount region:
- Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) provides the `euAccess` parameter to Provisioner
- KEB services catalog handler exposes:
  - `eu-central-1` as the only possible value for the `region` parameter for `cf-eu11` 
  - `switzerlandnorth` as the only possible value for the `region` parameter for `cf-ch20`

## Access 

> Due to limited availability the provisioning request for EU Access only regions can succeed only if GlobalAccountId 
> is added to the list of allowed GlobalAccountIds (to the whitelist).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to limited availability, the provisioning request for the EU Access only regions can succeed only if GlobalAccountId 
is added to the list of allowed GlobalAccountIds (the whitelist).
```

> The list is configured in [management-plane-config repository](https://github.tools.sap/kyma/management-plane-config) 
> in resources/control-plane/<landscape>/values.yaml files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list is configured in the [management-plane-config repository](https://github.tools.sap/kyma/management-plane-config) 
in the `resources/control-plane/<landscape>/values.yaml` files.
```

> Here you can find example configuration of the list with two GlobalAccountIds listed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can find an example configuration of the whitelist with two GlobalAccountIds listed:
```

```yaml
kcp-prod:
  kyma-environment-broker:
    euAccessWhitelistedGlobalAccountIds: |-
      whitelist:
        - 2358e708-68f0-4af0-94b6-cf4e8407aff8
        - 4a8fa8f1-d76b-4682-89ba-84fe7591a07c
```

> One has to open a support ticket before attempting to provision Kyma clusters in EU Access only regions to have one's 
> GlobalAccountId added to the above-mentioned list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must open a support ticket before attempting to provision Kyma clusters in the EU Access only regions to have your 
GlobalAccountId added to the whitelist.
```

> If the GlobalAccountId for provisioning request is not whitelisted the Kyma Environment Broker will respond 
> with http code 400 (Bad Request) and preconfigured in management-plane-config message. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the GlobalAccountId for the provisioning request is not whitelisted, the Kyma Environment Broker responds 
with `http code 400` (Bad Request) and the message preconfigured in `management-plane-config`. 
```

> This message will be presented to the user in the BTP Cockpit.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following message will be presented to the user in the BTP Cockpit.   
```

> ```yaml
> kcp-prod:
>   kyma-environment-broker:
>     euAccessRejectionMessage: "due to limited availability you need to open support ticket before attempting to provision Kyma clusters in EU Access only regions"
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
kcp-prod:
  kyma-environment-broker:
    euAccessRejectionMessage: "Due to limited availability, you must open a support ticket before attempting to provision Kyma clusters in the EU Access only regions"
```
```
